1.
    a.
        - I only eat organic food because it's grown without using chemicals
        - I buy pre-prepared food because I don't have time for cooking
        - I don't use energy-saving light bulbs because they're expensive
        - My house isn't insulated very well, so it's always cold in the winter
        - I try to recycle glass, plastic, and paper, but nothing else 
        - I'm careful to turn the computer and TV off at night and not leave them on standby
        - I buy a lot of secondhand clothes - I like them and they're cheap
        - I think processed food is great because you can always make a quick meal at home

    b.
        - I use energy-saving light bulbs in all my flat
        - I recycle only glass and plastic because we don't have any other easy-available recycle urns in my country

2.
    Samantha: Franco this is Tom
    Tom: Pleased to meet you, Franco
    Franco: It is pleasure to meet you too. I hope you are enjoying your stay in Milan
    Tom: I think Milan is a beautiful city and I have very much enjoyed my stay here. I met lots of wonderful people and ate some delicious food
    Franco: Did you have a chance to do any sightseeing? 
    Tom: Unfortunately I hadn't very much time at all, but I enjoyed seeing the cathedral
    Franco: Do you plan to visit Italy again soon?
    Tom: I would love to, but Italy is a long way from Queensland
    Franco: It's true. Would you like to come and join us for a coffee before you have to leave for the airport?
    Tom: It would be nice

3.
    - I want to go to sea
    - I grew up in Kaluga. It's kinda different there now
    - I usually play computer games on Saturday afternoon
    - I'm going to sleep
    - I promise to do homework and compositions

4.  
    - If you do that again, I'm leaving (warn)
    - I don't want to do it (refuse)
    - I will do it later (promise)
    - Do you want to join us for a dinner? (invite)
    - I can describe something for you (explain)
    - I can recommend you this restaurant (suggest)
    - Do you want to go out with me? (offer)

5.
    a.
        - He promised to give me back the money
        - I refused to answer 
        - She invited us to stay
        - He's offered to pay
        - I agreed that it was the best thing to do
        - They explained that they wanted our address

    b.
        - Last time I promised something last weekend
        - Last time I agreed with someone's idea this week
        - Last time someone explained something for me this week
        - I don't remember last time when I warned someone about something
        - Last time someone offered to do something for me last weekend

6.
    a.
        - Whatever you do, don't tell the teacher
        - Don't forget to buy a phrase book
        - Make sure you get fit before you do it
        - Don't wear that old shirt, else you'll never get the job
        - If I were you, I'd buy her some flowers
        - Be careful you don't oversleep and miss the plane
        - You better look for a hotel on the internet
        - You need to ask your manager who can approve it

    b.
        1 - a
        2 - g
        3 - f
        4 - h
        5 - b
        6 - d
        7 - c
        8 - e
