1.
    a. 
        - get on well
        - 
        - make friends
        - mind your business
        - invite friends
        - keep over
        - know 
        - be your own

    b.
        - Do you get on well with your boss?
        - 

2.
    1 - b
    2 - c
    3 - b
    4 - b
    5 - c
    6 - c
    7 - a
    8 - a
    9 - a
    10 - c

    I think they will dig up the stewardess.

3.
    - Have you ever booked a holiday using a travel site? Was it a success?
    - Do you ever use video sharing sites like YouTube? Do you have a favourite clip?
    - What search engine do you usually use? Do you know others apart from Google?
    - Do you like social networking sites? Do you ever get bored of them?
    - Have you ever contributed to a blog? What was the topic and what did you write?
    - What do you think of dating sites? Do you know anyone who uses them?

4.
    - Democracy is when four wolves and a lamb vote on what to have for lunch
    - A zoo is a place where animals study humans
    - Friendship is a ship that is big enough for two people in good weather but only one person in bad weather
    - Rush hour is the hour when the traffic stops
    - An expert is a man who has stopped thinking
    - A banker is a person whose job is to lend you an umbrella when the sun is shining and take it back when it rains

5.
    - He is a student who is sitting in the kitchen
    - A thing that is saving my eyes 
    - A room where you can find some food
    - A book where the kid got a scar shaped like a lightning
    - The person who became a member of the "27 club" in 1994
    - The white thing that takes a lot of free space
    - The city where I was born
    - A person whose twitter account was banned

6.
    1 - e 
    2 - b
    3 - c
    4 - d
    5 - a

