7.
    - She would have come to dinner if we had invited her.
    - If you had locked the door the burglars wouldn't have got in.
    - Were I you, I would put on some warmer clothes.
    - Joan would be able to come to the party if she wasn't working.
    - Had I heard any news, I would have told you immediately.
    - Paul will ruin his shirt if he climbs that tree.
    - If Mark was younger he could join the army.
    - She would have stayed at home if she had known there would be so much traffic.
    - Should he gets this job, he will be able to buy his own flat.
    - If you had put your keys in your pocket, you wouldn't have lost them
    - She will be here at eight unless she lost her way.
    - If I were you, I wouldn't go out in this weather.
    - Emily would have called me if she had changed her mind.
    - If you like Tom Cruise, you'll love this film.
    - Dave will be home at six o'clock, provided he catches the five o'clock bus.

8.
     - on condition that
     - but for
     - unless
     - even if
     - otherwise 
     - what if 
     - supposing
     - and 
     - In case 
     - as long as
     - or

9.
    - If you pass a bakery, will you buy some bread, please?
    - Yes, of course. How much do you need?
    
    - Did you invite Tim to the party?
    - No, but when I speak to him I will invite him.

    - May I go out now, please?
    - Yes, provided you have done your homework.

    - Mum seems very busy at the moment.
    - Were I you, I would offer to help her.

    - Hurry up or else we will miss the train.
    - I know. I'm being as quick as I can.

    - Unless you work hard you'll fail the exam.
    - I know. I've been studying every evening.

    - I forgot to ask Simon for his phone number.
    - If I see him today I'll ask him for you.

    - Peter won't help me with my homework.
    - I'm sure he would help you if he had time.
    
    - I'm not going to tell him what happened.
    - What if he finds out on his own?

    - If I didn't buy this lottery ticket, I would never win all this money.
    - I know. Isn't it amazing!

    - Unless you go to bed now, you'll be tired in the morning.
    - I know. I'm going.

    - I need some wrapping paper.
    - Well, If I find any at the shop, I'll buy some for you.

    - Can I have some chocolate cake, please?
    - Well, as long as you eat all your dinner, you can have some chocolate cake.

    - I hate going into town.
    - So do I. Whenever I go into town, I come back with a headache.

    - You'd better apologise, otherwise, he'll never speak to you again.
    - You're right. I will.

